### Covid-D : Reliable and secure way in the need of identifying infected individuals, with covid-19 based upon Deep Convolutional Neural Network(CNN)

## 1. Motivation
- From the end of 2019 to the present, the most discussed and heated topic is the covid-19 related themes and its promising solutions in the detection of covid-19 among both Medical and IT researchers. Why is that, as it is known that the spreading speed of SARS-CoV-2 is tremendously speeding up while the world economy of the world is continuously decreasing respectively. So far a lot of possible ways have been being used in order to decrease the number of patient infected with covid-19 in a numerical statistics. Currently in medicine the ways to know whether one has the virus that caused by covid-19 are by PCR, Antigen, Antibody, Nasopharyngeal and Oropharyngeal swab and also chest radiography imaging and so on. The PCR. PCR is good choice however the test is inconvenient and takes longer to get the results back. Antigen testing: Rapid testing. The findings are less susceptible to COVID-19 and therefore have a higher false negative rate (you may test negative but have the virus actually). The test is very specific, so you have COVID-19 if it is positive. UT Southwestern uses antigen testing for screening because of this and requires confirmation of a negative antigen test with the PCR gold standard test. Antibody testing: After illness. Mild cases of COVID-19 do not cause detectable antibodies to produce. So, prior infection does not necessarily rule out a negative antibody test. Research on these tests continues to evolve, and we still do not know how long COVID-19 antibodies last. Nasopharyngeal and Oropharyngeal swab. NP / OP swabs may likely show a false-negative test. Eventually, technically the most effective and alternative screening method in the detection of virus in the body of the individuals is radiography assessment, where Imaging of Chest Radiography ( e.g., Computerized Tomography(CT) or X-radiation) is carried out and examined by the radiologist doctors to search for visual pointers related with Coronavirus viral contamination. "Early determination of COVID-19 is pivotal for ailment treatment and control. Contrasted with RT-PCR, chest CT imaging might be a more solid, commonsense and quick strategy to analyze and survey COVID-19, particularly in the pandemic territory," the Radiology study creators composed.  So, while in terms of reliability and speed the method of image screening by chest radiography systems has an excessive potential, however , as the coin has two sides , the minor cons of that method is the deficiency in the high qualified radiologists in order to get the result from the radiography images.  As computer based systems are being widely utilized  in the some spheres , including manufacturing , statistics , finance and others , the medicine domain should not be except. Even the CT,X-ray, MRI imaging  have their specific software that can aid radiologists to know the basic parameters of the screened images. Yet that is not enough for this heavy circumstances that is referred Sars-Cov-2. It means that the radiologist doctors must individually examine every single images and it consumes huge time. For the time being, the time is very crucial since in any time one might get infected with covid-19. That is why there is a need of fast AI based systems for the detection of virus of the screened images by the medical machines like X-ray, CT, MRI.  


